a little blurb about einstein's refridgerator.

what a great idea/invention.

simply in the presence of this machine and butane, the human body is self sufficient to maintain a temperature that comes very close to freeze water. we produce urea which breaks down into ammonia. the water is available, and the conduits are not going to be exposed to temperatures higher than human body temperature, so they can essentially be made out of plastics or any materials that will not corrode/degrde/wear from water, oil, or ammonia.

Let us begin with ammonium hydroxide. ammonia in water. if you get this thing to be akin to human body temperature, the ammonia gas is released and expands . The pressure in the container is raised. the gas then rushes through the pipework. and presses itself into a liquid that is comfortably at 11 degrees in it's liquid form, butane. while here, the gas comes close to resolidifying, but because there's no presence of water here, it doesnt fully merge. the heat energy is given to the butane, which evaporates quite rapidly. ammonia prefers a water-based environment to become a liquid again, and room temperature (shaded) water (you can use the same water that was "discarded" from the ammonium hydroxide) is best to help this gas condense back into a liquid. the container that contained the ammonium hydroxide expelled gas in two directions, one into the pure gas conduit D, and the other into conduit E. the way that conduit e was designed was so that the water sourced from the generator - which was ammonia filled - would be allowed to cycle through the heat exchanger jacket, through the cooling room water area, and then into the container where the water distributor head is. This ammonia filled water passes through a heater which ensures that the water purges any ammonia gas left within it. as the water and ammonia enter container 33, the gas and the liquid seperate so that the gas is sent to the top of the container and into the vent conduit. the water is not freshly sourced and is recycled. it is important to know that the cooling jacket simply has room temperature water that is set to evaporate, like an open body of water. It's best if this jacket is generally shaded from sunlight, insulated from heat entering the container, and any measures taken so that it can stay cool (aside from the heat from conduit F passing through it). the water from conduit f exits from a distributor/atomizer. it's important to make sure the  water doesnt humidify all the way into the butane evaporator area(else it will clog conduit B), but that it essentially rains/drips down in its own container. this shouldnt be too difficult as water molecules will not enjoy propogating through a butane gas and ammonia gas environment. as the cool water pulls the ammonia out of the air, it saps some heat energy from the ammonia gas and the condensate drips to the bottom of the tank. the temperature is dropped by the act of condensation/diffusion of ammonia gas to liquid form. the liquid layer is seperated from the gas layer by the level of the butane within the arrangement. conduit b ensures there will be a level of liquid butane within the evaporator container and the cooling jacket container. as such, the ammonia gas creating pressure inside the ammonia-butane gas rooms acts as a small hammer, ensuring that the freshly condensed ammonia water drips to the bottom of the tank. The bend in the lefthand side of conduit b ensures that mixing of liquids from the butane doesnt occur (the liquid)flow is generally towards the left if equalization issues begin to occur. the ammonium hydroxide now drips back down and is reintroduced to the heat exchanger jacket at a point where if the ammonia gas seperates from the water again, it wll be introduced again to conduit d preferrably, or conduit e if the exchange becomes extremely vigorous. the ammonia cycle would begin again from here. 

