Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 10:09 AM
I have to stop second guessing myself... GS basically did what I said they were going to, but I got out about 20 minutes ago
Etwaru, Vedabrat QUEST GLOBAL SERVICES PTE. LTD. 10:11 AM
AAAH. well second guessing is usually the attempt at ensuring you're not emotionally investing
maybe you just need to exercise that part of your logic music with firmity so the second guessing doesnt happen. this is kind of a negative reinforcement of understanding a missed opportunity to strike. but now you know it's value
Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 10:12 AM
Still made some money.. but I sold half my position at 187, and I had a limit on the rest originally at 191, then i dropped it down to 188 and I couldnt change it fast enough 
oh well, I need to start keeping a journal i think
so i can record the amount of times Im right, verse how many times Im wrong... Im confused though... how do I excercise my logic exactly?
Etwaru, Vedabrat QUEST GLOBAL SERVICES PTE. LTD. 10:16 AM
maybe another calculation that reinforces the value of how much you would lose if you dont strike and uphold your strike? and never forget that with time, all risks happen, which increases the possiblity that the price will touch upon a previous entry point again
creating a good blackSholes model would be great for that
but... im not gonna be in that world anytime soon
Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 10:28 AM
nah.. with enough time, eventually everything goes up.. thats why I like to capitalize on on early morning earnings beats.. early bird gets the worm.. GS beat revenue by 2.5%, and their earnings by about 12% depending on where you looked.. what Ive found is that normally when this happens to bluechip stocks, their price will go up by about 50% of their earnings beat, or split the difference between earnings  and revenue beats.. the market is fairly efficient, I prefer to gamble on the known... you know?
Etwaru, Vedabrat QUEST GLOBAL SERVICES PTE. LTD. 10:35 AM
i read about a similar strategy that had worked. It's sensible, but be careful. You've got a good strategy for a few months, I dont know how long you've been playing the strategy, but it will be figured out soon enough by others if the advantage is timing. It's a pretty good but it will work until it doesnt. I set those kind of strategies to be good seasonal ones.
Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 10:44 AM
2 months now.. Ive gotten burned twice.. one of the lessens Ive learned is to pay attention to the futures markets and current events happening before the day starts.. depending on the level of uncertainty, this can play into my hands... Im trying to determine how much of this is luck, and how much of it is good strategy
Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 10:47 AM
but if it works more than 80% of the time, and if I lose two days gains for each one day loss, im still up two days on the week... my goal is to average $75/trade, and $500 per active day of trading
Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 10:53 AM
FDC.... brief 10% upside from buyout but those plays are not for me
Etwaru, Vedabrat QUEST GLOBAL SERVICES PTE. LTD. 10:55 AM
i think at the first suspicion of luck the position should be hit hard once last time, and then a risk averse portfolio on the section of the market should be placed.
Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 11:29 AM
im not quite sure what you mean
Etwaru, Vedabrat QUEST GLOBAL SERVICES PTE. LTD. 11:32 AM
play the strategy at full strength one more time, and then buy the "fund" or a collection of assets that reflect the growth of the sector you want, but that's assuming you're going to stand on a longer term growth strategy for that. i think what i'm essentially saying is take one last "risk" but then lock up your money and stay on the 'sure bet' fundamentals that keep your money safe. losses are more detrimental than slow growth or even a hold.
Habicht, Kevin QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 11:51 AM
I understand now.. the way I have my portfolio currently set up is I have about 5% cash, 5% fixed income, 15% riskier long term investments (FLXN, MU, and a bunch of other companies I am a customer of because I feel if I have to talk to customer service it give me more bargaining power), and 75% buy and hold indefinitely companies.. APD, MMM, HON, VZ, PFE, MDT, F & GE, although I'm embarrassed to admit the last two
